Discovering the Vulnerability
Generally speaking, there are three
primary techniques
for identifying flaws in applications.
Source code review is likely the
easiest if it is available.
If it’s not, we can use reverse
engineering techniques
or fuzzing to find vulnerabilities.
In this module, we will focus on fuzzing.
The goal of fuzzing is to provide the
target application with input
that is not handled correctly,
resulting in an application crash.
In its most basic form, this input is
programmatically generated
to be malformed.
If a crash occurs as the result of
processing malformed input data,
it may indicate the presence of a
potentially exploitable vulnerability,
such as a buffer overflow.